
👉👉👉👉    send less as much as possible        avoid sending props try to make dynamic insted of sending props  

👉👉👉👉      while appling dynamic css use veriale to store the css property if you apply it with direcet   sometime it will not work properly. but when you creat the variable & stored the css property in  that so while rendering first it will creat the variable and collect the reqired info and then it will  send it to the className="variableName " this will work very smothly 

👉👉👉👉           Always try to make such component that you can use repeatedly depending upone the situvation.   like button componet for SMALL MEDIUM & LARGE butoon .  This will Follw " DRY(Do NOt Repeat Yourself) Rule of DEVlOPMENT "

👉👉👉👉          After compliting perticular task/ work Close all the tabs .it is the sign of good Devp.   and In chrome also always keepe usefull tab open close all unnecessary tabs 


👉👉👉👉    hame LOGin User ka data kabhi bhi kam pad sakta he isliye hum huse REDUX TOOLKIT ke anadr useEffect me store karenge taki humm use kahi par bhi use kar sakenge aur hum kahi par bhi  Dispatch -->action  call kar sake
      for this specific action of "LOGIN" we are making one folder inside user of mainstore


👉👉👉👉     keep in mind Only "COMPONENET" Name folder Starts With CApital Leter. with        
TSX            extension
      if the folder is not thee component then file name must be start with small leter with extension of TS not TSX

👉👉👉👉            Dont show/ask directly login page . custumer ko yesa nahi lagna chahye ki hamre data ke sath ke kuchh galt karrhe he .
Bina log in kiye sab services/feature dikhani chahiye 

basicaly sabse pehele use apke product aur sab kuchh dikhana padenga jab jarurat ho tab hi login karwana padenga . like flipcart ---show offer ---attract karo pehele custumer ko

FACT if custumer is spending more than one minit on your website it he will surely by something not today not tommorow but he will by something ...
before login --------user 
when he bought  something user become -------custumer

👉👉👉👉  web site ka Conversion Rate ? -------- - means USER to CUSTUMER kitne convert ho rahe he .

so basical ------- website should be simple user friendly easy to understand for user add catchi thing in it 

👉👉👉👉 What is the MAin goal of  your LANDING PAGE ?/ what is the landing page ?
---- CUSTUMER Conversion RATE this the MAin goal of Our Landing PAGE 
60% log landing page se wapas jate  he so it must be UNIQUE



 👉👉👉👉 nested Routing karni padengi 


👉👉👉👉   logi in karne ke bad navigate hona chahihe page home pe ya phir defaut rout pe .
    you can not use Navigate feature of react-Router bcz it is only usefull for class based component.
     but we are using FUNCTION based component so insted of Navigat we have to use UseNavigate hook of React-router. 
 
   one more problem is that you can not use "UseNavigate" hoook in TS file it means it must be a function component where you can use "UseNavigate"  so inorder to solve this issue we will  use the PROPS concept  we will use  "UseNavigate" in FUNCTIONS COMPONENET and then we wil pass it in REqured TS file.